Add spellcheck to this repository (#344)
mondoohq/installer: packages/chocolatey/README.md

# chocolatey

Chocolatey is a popular package manager for Windows, similar to Homebrew. This repository generates and updates "NuGet" packages for Chocolately.

- [View the Mondoo Overview Chocolatey](https://community.chocolatey.org/profiles/mondoo)
- [View our published packages here](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages?q=mondoo)
- [View our packages pending moderation here](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages?q=tag%3Amondoo&moderatorQueue=true&moderationStatus=all-statuses&prerelease=false&sortOrder=relevance')

## Package Lifecycle

It's very important to be aware of how packages are published for Chocolatey:

1. You create a NuGet and submit it to the Chocolatey API

> 2. A series of automated checks are carried out on the packages. If you look at the package page, you will see the new version in the [Version History](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/cnquery#versionhistory), but it won't be "Listed" and it's Status will not be "Approved"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. A series of automated checks are carried out on the packages. If you look at the package page, you see the new version in the [Version History](https://community.chocolatey.org/packages/cnquery#versionhistory), but it isn't be "Listed" and it's Status isn't "Approved."
```

3. If all the checks pass, it waits until a Moderator (yes, a human) approves the package (***this can take hours to days***)
4. Once approved, the package is now listed and accessible

> To learn more please review the Chocolatey [Package Review Process](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/community-repository/moderation/#package-review-process) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more, review the Chocolatey [Package Review Process](https://docs.chocolatey.org/en-us/community-repository/moderation/#package-review-process) documentation.
```
